Devops Content Update (#1454)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/102-devops/content/102-managing-servers/101-live-in-terminal/122-grep.md

> # Grep
> 
> The grep command (**g**lobal search for **r**egular **e**xpression and **p**rint out) searches file(s) for a particular pattern of characters, and displays all lines that contain that pattern. It can be used with other commands like *'ps'* making it more useful.
> 
> **Syntax**:
> 
> `$ grep [options] pattern [files]`
> 
> e.g. *$ grep "search-regex" file-1.txt*
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/grep-command-in-unixlinux/'>What is Grep? with examples</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Manual' href='https://www.gnu.org/software/grep/manual/grep.html'>Detailed Manual</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# grep

The `grep` command (**g**lobal search for **r**egular **e**xpression and **p**rint out) searches file(s) for a particular pattern of characters, and displays all lines that contain that pattern. It can be used with other commands like `ps` making it more useful.

It has the following syntax:

`$ grep [options] pattern [files]` e.g. `$ grep "search-regex" file-1.txt`

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/grep-command-in-unixlinux/'>What is Grep? with examples</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Manual' href='https://www.gnu.org/software/grep/manual/grep.html'>Detailed Manual</BadgeLink>
```
